Configuring process collection in ECS Fargate (#16235)
DataDog/integrations-core: ecs_fargate/README.md

3. Ensure your application is running in the same task definition as the Datadog Agent container.

### Process collection

> You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate in Datadog by using the [Live Processes page][56]. To enable process collection, add the `PidMode` variable in the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">You can view your ECS Fargate processes in Datadog. To see their relationship to ECS Fargate containers, use the Datadog Agent v7.50.0 or later.</div>

You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate in Datadog by using the [Live Processes page][56]. To enable process collection, add the `PidMode` variable in the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:
```

> You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate using the [Live Processes][56] page in the Datadog app. To enable process collection, in the Task Definition add the `PidMode` variable and set it to `task` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate in Datadog by using the [Live Processes page][56]. To enable process collection, add the `PidMode` variable in the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:
```

```text
"pidMode": "task"
```

> Use the `AWS Fargate` Containers facet in the Live Processes page or enter `fargate:ecs` into the Filter bar to filter processes by ECS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter processes by ECS, use the `AWS Fargate` Containers facet or enter `fargate:ecs` in the search query on the Live Processes page.
```

3. Ensure your application is running in the same task definition as the Datadog Agent container.

### Process collection

<div class="alert alert-warning">You can view your ECS Fargate processes in Datadog. To see their relationship to ECS Fargate containers, use the Datadog Agent v7.50.0 or later.</div>

> You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate in Datadog by using the [Live Processes page][56]. To enable process collection, add the `PidMode` variable in the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor processes in ECS Fargate in Datadog by using the [Live Processes page][56]. To enable process collection, add the [`PidMode` parameter][57] in the Task Definition and set it to `task` as follows:
```

[53]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/cpp?tab=containers#instrument-your-application
[54]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/dotnet-core?tab=containers#custom-instrumentation
[55]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/dotnet-framework?tab=containers#custom-instrumentation

> [56]: https://app.datadoghq.com/process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[56]: https://app.datadoghq.com/process
[57]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definition_parameters.html#other_task_definition_params
```
